you all want to know the secret formula
for getting in does your job well an
admissions officer must be on the
receiving end of an entire nations
application panic you didn't challenge
yourself academically I'm worth a
billion dollars and you're the
frustration of all the parents who just
realize there isn't room for every
organically fed well tutored offspring
please step away from the car you're
like vodka that you're not let go of
course everyone thinks we're sadists
that we like saying no gymnastics
national champion and my father is cuban
and in a wheelchair we are in this job
for one reason to say yes it's John
Pressman from the new quest cool I'd
like for you to visit our campus can you
please email me and I will call you back
hey not so rough how'd you like to have
your utter yanked like that excuse me I
really like to introduce you to somebody
this is Jeremiah balakian and I'm not
really your typical student my brain
sort of goes on a little walkabout he's
a prodigy it's cows in labor by now best
of luck with all that calm down where is
the bowl that did this to you hmm
probably out partying with his friends
mmm
horse huh I know this is all a bit
abrupt but I think maybe Jeremiah's your
son are you out of your mind you need to
leave now geez no means no I'll put the
gun down
I got pregnant in college and I didn't
think I could be a mother ever it takes
a village get your hands off my baby you
are not a student ah hi I'm from
admissions and we like to check on our
high school visitors so did you remember
to bring your toothbrush I had to do
what I'm supposed to be doing like you
do I'd kill myself did you just say if
you were me you would kill yourself for
sure don't exaggerate I know you didn't
ask for this but I care about this kid
this is the worst transcript I have ever
seen porsche you didn't mean to put hi
consider did you he was a lost kid and
then he was found I forgot you in a very
fragile sting maybe you'd like to step
outside see how fragile i am only
kidding thank you for your thoughts
Corinne you gotta go out sometime yes I
mean with me oh yes
I am an admissions officer there's
nothing improper going on here gondal
are just sort of ice